docs(framework) Add description metadata to Flower How-to guides (#4215)
adap/flower: doc/source/docker/tutorial-quickstart-docker.rst

> :og:description: Follow this quickstart guide to containerize a Flower federated learning project and run it end to end using Docker, including SuperLink, SuperNode, and ClientApp setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:og:description: Follow this quickstart guide to containerize a Flower federated learning project and run it end to end using Docker, this includes the setup for SuperLink, SuperNode, and ClientApp.
```
